Make readme looks simplier (#241)
kuzzleio/sdk-go: README.md

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7868838/53850936-31e57180-3fbd-11e9-8392-8f3e26bf2aa8.png"/>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/tested%20on-linux%20%7C%20osx%20%7C%20windows-blue.svg">
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/kuzzleio/sdk-go">
    <img src="https://travis-ci.org/kuzzleio/sdk-go.svg?branch=master"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/kuzzleio/sdk-go">
    <img src="https://codecov.io/gh/kuzzleio/sdk-go/branch/master/graph/badge.svg" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/kuzzleio/sdk-go">
    <img src="https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/kuzzleio/sdk-go" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://godoc.org/github.com/kuzzleio/sdk-go">
    <img src="https://godoc.org/github.com/kuzzleio/sdk-go?status.svg"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/kuzzleio/sdk-go/blob/master/LICENSE">
    <img alt="undefined" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/kuzzleio/sdk-go.svg?style=flat">
  </a>
</p>

## About

### Kuzzle Go

> This is the official Go SDK for the free and open-source backend Kuzzle. It provides a way to dial with a Kuzzle server from Go applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the official Go SDK for Kuzzle, an open-source backend. 
```

Author: I prefer to let the explanatory parts about SDK Client -> Kuzzle communication. Since it's present on the Javascript SDK and Rust SDK and team up voted it.

> Currently, the SDK provides __WebSocket__ support. You can add your own by implementing the Protocol interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK provides a native __WebSocket__ support. You can add your own network protocol by implementing the Protocol interface.
```

<p align="center">

>   :books: <b><a href="https://docs-v2.kuzzle.io/sdk-references/go/1/">Documentation</a></b>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :books: <b><a href="https://docs.kuzzle.io/sdk-reference/go/1">Documentation</a></b>
```

</p>

> ### Kuzzle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### About Kuzzle
```

Author: Already specified in the H2 title this to avoid repetition.

Reviewer: Oh, you're right.

> Kuzzle is an open-source backend that includes a scalable server, a multiprotocol API,

Reviewer: This is the old and obsolete description. Proposal:

```
Kuzzle is a ready-to-use, **on-premises backend** that enables you to manage your persistent data and be notified in real-time on whatever happens to it. It also provides you with a flexible and powerful user-management system.

For more information: [Kuzzle in 5 minutes](https://kuzzle.io/company/about-us/kuzzle-in-5-minutes/)
```

Author: I think we should keep the scalability part but I find your proposal cool :slightly_smiling_face: . 
The link should be added to to link list to keep the same styling.

Reviewer: I copy/pasted my proposal from https://github.com/kuzzleio/kuzzle#why-kuzzle- :wink:

an administration console and a set of plugins that provide advanced functionalities like real-time pub/sub, blazing fast search and geofencing.

* :octocat: __[Github](https://github.com/kuzzleio/kuzzle)__
* :earth_africa: __[Website](https://kuzzle.io)__

> * :books: __[Documentation](https://docs-v2.kuzzle.io)__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :books: __[Documentation](https://docs.kuzzle.io)__
```
